README.md, before:

Understudy
==========

Understudy is a framework for distributed computing in Python.  It allows
you to write Python code and transparently execute it on any number of
listening nodes.

Overview
--------

Understudy provides a decorator for enabling Python classes to
distribute work to an understudy:

    class Job(object):
        @understudy("calculator")
        def add(self, num1, num2):
            return num1 + num2

The "understudy" decorator takes an understudy name as the first argument.
This essentially sends the method to a named understudy process that is
listening for requests.

Here's an example of starting an understudy:

    understudy = Understudy("calculator")
    understudy.start()

These will typically run daemonized on compute nodes.

Example
-------

Continuing the example above, here's how to add two numbers:

    >>> job = Job()
    >>> result = job.add(1,1)
    >>> result.check()
    None
    >>> result.check()
    2

The add() method immediately returns a Result class, from which the result
store can be polled and ultimately returned with a value.  "None" is returned
if the understudy has not yet completed the task.

Virtual Environments
--------------------

Understudy requires that all imports used in the module are available on
the Python environment of the understudy node(s).

To facilitate this, Understudy has support for automatically bootstrapping
a virtual environment and executing the called method within the context of
that environment.

Here's an example:

    from understudy.decorators import understudy
    from boto.s3 import Connection

    class Downloader(object):
        @understudy("s3_understudy", packages=['boto>=1.9b'])
        def download(key):
            connection = Connection()
            key = connection.get_bucket("mybucket").get_key(key)
            key.get_contents_to_filename("/path/to/myfile")

This bootstraps a virtual environment on the understudy node by installing
boto via PIP before executing the download() method.  Packages are defined
in PIP requirements.txt fashion.

Redis
-----

Understudy is built on Redis, and both the decorator and the Understudy
constructor take standard redis-py connection parameters as arguments:

    class Job(object):
        @understudy("calculator", host="127.0.0.1", port=6332, db=12)
        def add(self, num1, num2):
            return num1 + num2

Disclaimer
----------

This is a work in progress and should be considered alpha as in
"please dont use" until further notice.

Commit message:

add blurb about redis 2.0 requirement

README.md, after:

Understudy
==========

Understudy is a framework for distributed computing in Python.  It allows
you to write Python code and transparently execute it on any number of
listening nodes.

It currently requires the 2.0 version of Redis with pub/sub support.

Overview
--------

Understudy provides a decorator for enabling Python classes to
distribute work to an understudy:

    class Job(object):
        @understudy("calculator")
        def add(self, num1, num2):
            return num1 + num2

The "understudy" decorator takes an understudy name as the first argument.
This essentially sends the method to a named understudy process that is
listening for requests.

Here's an example of starting an understudy:

    understudy = Understudy("calculator")
    understudy.start()

These will typically run daemonized on compute nodes.

Example
-------

Continuing the example above, here's how to add two numbers:

    >>> job = Job()
    >>> result = job.add(1,1)
    >>> result.check()
    None
    >>> result.check()
    2

The add() method immediately returns a Result class, from which the result
store can be polled and ultimately returned with a value.  "None" is returned
if the understudy has not yet completed the task.

Virtual Environments
--------------------

Understudy requires that all imports used in the module are available on
the Python environment of the understudy node(s).

To facilitate this, Understudy has support for automatically bootstrapping
a virtual environment and executing the called method within the context of
that environment.

Here's an example:

    from understudy.decorators import understudy
    from boto.s3 import Connection

    class Downloader(object):
        @understudy("s3_understudy", packages=['boto>=1.9b'])
        def download(key):
            connection = Connection()
            key = connection.get_bucket("mybucket").get_key(key)
            key.get_contents_to_filename("/path/to/myfile")

This bootstraps a virtual environment on the understudy node by installing
boto via PIP before executing the download() method.  Packages are defined
in PIP requirements.txt fashion.

Redis
-----

Understudy is built on Redis, and both the decorator and the Understudy
constructor take standard redis-py connection parameters as arguments:

    class Job(object):
        @understudy("calculator", host="127.0.0.1", port=6332, db=12)
        def add(self, num1, num2):
            return num1 + num2

Disclaimer
----------

This is a work in progress and should be considered alpha as in
"please dont use" until further notice.
